c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.dll.config
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.IRepositories.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.IServices.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Repositories.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Services.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Data.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.DataAccessObjects.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Common.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.IRepositories.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.IServices.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Repositories.dll.config
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Services.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Data.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Data.dll.config
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.DataAccessObjects.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\JobLogger.Common.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\obj\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\obj\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\obj\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\obj\Debug\JobLogger.DependencyInjection.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\matías\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JobLogger\JobLogger.DependencyInjection\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
